from the Lord said to Moses now you
shall see what I will do to Pharaoh for
with a strong hand he will let them go
and with a strong hand he will drive
them out of his land I am the Lord I
appeared to Abraham to Isaac and to
Jacob as God Almighty but by my name
Maude I was not known to them
I have also established my covenant with
them to give them the land of Canaan the
land of their pilgrimage in which they
were strangers and I have also heard the
groaning of the children of Israel whom
the Egyptians keep in bondage and I have
remembered my government therefore say
to the children of Israel I am the law
I will bring you out from under the
burdens of the Egyptians I will rescue
you from their bondage and I will redeem
you with an outstretched arm and with
great judgments I will take you as my
people and I will be your God then you
shall know that I am the Lord your God
who brings you out from under the
burdens of the Egyptians and I will
bring you into the land which I swore to
give to Abraham Isaac and Jacob and I
will give it to you as a heritage I am
the Lord so moses spoke thus to the
children of israel but they did not heed
Moses because of anguish of spirit and
cruel bondage and the Lord spoke to
Moses go in tell Pharaoh king of Egypt
to let the children of Israel go out of
his land and Moses spoke before the Lord
the children of Israel have not aided me
how then shall Pharaoh eat me for I am
of uncircumcised lips and the Lord spoke
to Moses and Aaron and gave them a
command for the children of Israel and
for Pharaoh king of Egypt to bring the
children of Israel out of the land of
Egypt
[Music]
these are the heads of their fathers
houses the sons of Reuben the firstborn
of Israel were henyk Hal you hezron and
Carmi these are the families of Reuben
and the sons of Simeon were Jim ul Jamin
Oh had jaqen zohar and show the son of a
Canaanite woman these are the families
of simeon these are the names of the
sons of levi according to their
generations
Gershon Kohath and Merari and the years
of the life of Levi were 137 the sons of
Gershon were Lib nigh and shimmer
according to their families and the sons
of Kohath were Imran is her Hebron and
Isaiah and the years of her life of
Kohath were 133 the sons of near are a
worm a lie and Musha these are the
families of Levi according to their
generations now Amran took for himself
Jack Abed his father's sister as wife
and she bore him Aaron and Moses and the
years of the life of Imran were 137 the
sons of is higher Bakura Nephi and
Ziggler and the sons of Israel were
Michelle as a fan and zip Frannie Aaron
took to himself
Elisha by daughter of a mini dad sister
of nasha as wife and she bore him naydon
a by hew Eleazar and Ithamar
and the sons of korah were as a Cana and
a biases these are the families of the
corals Eleazar air and Sun took for
himself one of the daughters of putea as
wife and she bore him Phineas these are
the heads of the father's houses of the
Levites according to their families
these are the same Aaron and Moses to
whom the Lord said bring out the
children of Israel from the land of
Egypt according to their armies these
are the ones who spoke to Pharaoh king
of Egypt to bring out the children of
Israel from Egypt these are the same
Moses and Aaron and it came to pass on
the day the Lord spoke to Moses in the
land of Egypt that the Lord spoke to
Moses saying I am the Lord speak to
pharaoh king of egypt all that i say to
you behold I am oven circumsized lips
and how shall pharaoh heed me
you